GoJscript
=========

Compiles transforming Go into JavaScript so you can continue using a clean and
concise sintaxis.  
In fact, it is used a subset of Go since JavaScript has not native way to
represent some types neither Go's statements, although some of them could be
emulated (but that is not my goal).

Advantages:

+ Using one only language for all development. A great advantage for a company.

+ Allows many type errors to be caught early in the development cycle, due to
static typing. (ToDo: compile to checking errors at time of compiling)

+ The mathematical expressions are calculated at the translation stage. (ToDo)

+ The lines numbers in the unminified generated JavaScript match up with the
lines numbers in the original source file.

+ Generates minimized JavaScript.

Go sintaxis not supported:

+ Complex numbers, integers of 64 bits.
+ Function type, interface type excepting the empty interface.
+ Channels, goroutines (could be transformed to [Web Workers][workers]).
+ Built-in functions panic, recover.
+ Defer statement.
+ Return multiple values.
+ Goto, labels. (1) In JavaScript, the labels are restricted to "for" and
"while" loops when they are called from "continue" and "break" statements so
its use is very limited, and (2) it is advised to [avoid its use][label].

Status:

	const				[OK]
	itoa				[OK]
	blank identifier	[OK]
	var					[OK]
	array				[OK]
	slice				[OK]
	ellipsis			[OK]
	map					[OK]
	empty interface		[OK]
	check channel		[OK]
	struct				[OK]
	pointer				[OK]
	imports				[OK]
	functions			[OK]
	assignments in func	[OK]
	return				[OK]
	if					[OK]
	error for goroutine	[OK]
	switch				[OK]
	Comparison operators[OK]
	Assignment operators[OK]
	for					[OK]
	range				[OK]
	break, continue		[OK]
	fallthrough			[OK]
	JS functions		[OK]
	goto, label			[OK]

**Note:** JavaScript can not actually do meaningful integer arithmetic on anything
bigger than 2^53. Also bitwise logical operations only have defined results (per
the spec) up to 32 bits.  
By this reason, the integers of 64 bits are unsupported.

[workers]: http://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/workers/basics/
[label]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/label#Avoid_using_labels


## Installation

	goinstall << DOWNLOAD URL >>


## Configuration

Nothing.


## Operating instructions

<< INSTRUCTIONS TO RUN THE PROGRAM >>


## Copyright and licensing

*Copyright 2011  The "GoJscript" Authors*. See file AUTHORS and CONTRIBUTORS.  
Unless otherwise noted, the source files are distributed under the
*BSD 2-Clause License* found in the LICENSE file.


* * *
*Generated by [GoWizard](https://github.com/kless/GoWizard)*

